Reviewer Name: Buster953
Place: Sydney, Australia
Badges: 58 reviews 15 hotel reviews Reviews in 30 cities 17 helpful votes

title: You won't be disappointed!
rating: 5 of 5 stars
Date: 1 October 2014
review: A lovely boutique hotel right in the middle of the Old City with easy access to just about everything! We stayed 4 nights. It’s hard to know where to begin but here goes: - We were welcomed with the offer of a cold drink, wine, beer, etc. Nice! - Whilst we were checked in, all very informally, we got an excellent briefing on what the hotel had to offer and information about the Old City and Istanbul in general. - The hotel is small but well appointed and our room was large enough, clean and well appointed. - They suggested restaurants to try and booked them all for us. Most in other hotels! - They organised a full day tour for us and we were surprised to find that they had organised with the tour operators for us to miss the compulsory shopping stop if we wanted, and we wanted, and gave us a separate guide to extend our visit to the Grand Bizarre. Never seen that before! - Whilst we were there, it was my birthday and to my surprise, they had organised a birthday cake with the restaurant that we were booked into that night. Another first! On return to our room that night, they had organised another cake, bottle of wine and nibbles! - Free sunset drinks on the roof top balcony. - Very nice basement spa, sauna and steam room. All included in the price. - Excellent light breakfast. - Free unlimited WIFI. - Welcoming email just prior to arriving and a follow up email after you leave to see if everything was as expected. And then there is the staff! They treat you like you are part of the family and not a miserable face amongst them. Nothing was too much for them. A big thank you to them for looking after us so well. It’s not the cheapest Hotel in town but it has to be one of the best if not the best and in our view has a well deserved number 1 spot on Trip Advisor. Finally, I read a couple of rare poor reviews about this Hotel and certainly we couldn’t see anything to justify their complaints. There were plenty of Asians and Europeans staying at the Hotel and all were treated exactly the same. I so wish that all Hotels were like this but sadly they aren’t. Good job Neorion! Room Tip: Room 501 was very nice! See more room tips
room tip: Room Tip: Room 501 was very nice! See more room tips
management response: 
traveled as: Stayed September 2014, travelled as a couple


