Reviewer Name: lovethevineyard
Place: Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts
Badges: 40 reviews 13 hotel reviews Reviews in 21 cities 22 helpful votes

title: A Gem.
rating: 5 of 5 stars
Date: 29 September 2014
review: My wife and I spent three nights at the Amira prior to a WindStar Cruise out of Istanbul. Emre, the wonderfully attentive, knowledgeable, and charming hotel manager, greeted us upon arrival and immediately escorted us to the breakfast area to give us a realistic overview of what he thought of our plans for the next few days. After 45 minutes or so, we had a totally different perspective. He told us what to spend our money on and what to stay away from. We felt as if he was our personal travel consultant. Here's a smart businessman who believes that personal service rules. His restaurant recommendations were superb. Of course the hotel made reservations for us and arranged for cars, courtesy of the restaurants, to pick us up and deliver us back home after dinner. (Sure, I know the Amira gets a financial reward for this, but based on our total experience, I don't believe they would recommend anything but the best.) Emre recommended that we hire a guide for the next day. The guide, Murat (ask for him), wasn't cheap, but he was excellent. I won't go into the tour here, but there is much more than a day's worth of sights to see. We never would have gone this route without Emre's strong recommendation. By the way, it's standard practice for a certified guide to get you in front of any lines at any of the sites. We jumped a 90-minute queue at the Blue Mosque. Bingo. The hotel... We had a second floor room, just a few yards from the front desk. We faced out to the main street. We thought the noise would be horrible (see my review of the Istanbul Hilton...), but the Amira took the time, trouble, and expense, to double-insulate us from the street noise. Other than a bit of chatter in the small lobby during the late evening as guests returned from dinner, we had a comfortable, quiet room. I would recommend room on at least the third level in the newer half of the hotel. Afternoon glasses of wine on the roof were great. The view, superb. Breakfast... Not the best I've ever had in Europe, but more than adequate for most of us. The gentleman in charge of breakfast and afternoon drinks was another winner. Nothing was more important to him than making us happy. In fact, every single member of the staff could do nothing else but try to make us feel comfortable. They were well selected and well trained. They--every one of them--were a pleasure. If you're looking for Four Seasons-class accommodations, this isn't the place. But for most of the rest of us, what a charming place to spend a few days, within quick walking distance of all the major sites. I highly recommend the Amira. Room Tip: Get a room on the third (or higher) level in the new side of the hotel. See more room tips
room tip: Room Tip: Get a room on the third (or higher) level in the new side of the hotel. See more room tips
management response: 
traveled as: Stayed September 2014, travelled as a couple


